you have no control over the map so many
ways you can TP in for you can just
start to find like the Arab events
coming here and we see the gold corner
nuke like the mother vendors not going
to save the life of rock out again
reckless is gonna kill the three bad
stuff from the key strike that's a huge
team fight for fanatic double kill for
her knee double kill for reckless
basically got there right I though Bo
Beltre goes aggressive that kids
incarnation a lot of room to walk
shockwave Encarnacion looking to make
the plays he's in the mid weight but he
might have it the flash-forward not
there what a play with the ignite still
up on that one 54 seats very quick and
poking it down for the unique owners of
diamond he's going in they've got to
make something happen here this is the
time it counts diamond going in going
low however and absolutely demolish
Gillian snap is going to go for the dump
but he does manage the ground commish
art before he falls down as well Myra
they're gonna try to end this one right
here a Quadra kill just like the oreonna
getting secure enough
yes he can
our of evil
Rihanna getting a pizza kill in the
first game in a unique cons of love
prepare your solo queue for that one
love it's gonna read it on the way but
the Barons going down too quickly who's
gonna be in range he's got flash on the
Barrett get stolen and Kelly do get
they might pick up the kill but they're
in for gravity oh no only voted loot
didn't they brushed for baron here come
steal attempt number two though moves
around how well can they zone him out he
sold the last one all right here up move
and he do it todo does not have an old
team more damage go to ladakh sent one
back but it's still an available there
in 3000 house moves gonna go knock back
by trici doesn't have a blast this
should be there you
be kidding me
Baron again
were tied to him and now all tech also
has a good start so that could be the
decider in this game as you go for the
next drag missing a whole lot of damage
come out though this dive good come
around second picked up keeping it to
get a whole bunch of pain with the
target switched over boom just gets
evaporated for that one and we're gonna
see the chase continued with Han sir
does manage to knock down keeping up
again soon whoa massive Gnarls bent
right across the bow is the req and this
could be the exact fight dignitas wanted
water watch shrek hill for shifter ram
pump is on charms up good flash my
offset with the flash Jim got a mat dec
alpha shifter
14 minutes pentakill first shifter now
all seven of Team Dignitas is killed so
here's the replay qot yeah well this is
what we say to pick some bets nip tucks
Paris Oh Dobie saw that fit tips every
you